Remove unnecessary "Giganto" prefix (#825)
aicers/giganto: CHANGELOG.md

- Changed command line interface.
  - Removed `cert`, `key`, `root` fields from config file.
  - Added cli options `-c`, `--cert`, `--key` and `--ca-certs`.

> - Renamed GraphQL API `gigantoConfig` to `config` and updated it to respond
>   the full configuration.
> - Changed the return type of the GraphQL API `setConfig` from `Result<String>`
>   to `Result<bool>`.
> - Updated `config` to respond full configuration.

Reviewer: `setConfig` 에 대해서 API name change에 대한 내용이 빠져버렸습니다. 이 PR에서 변경된 사항 중 독자에게 알려야 하는 핵심이라서 빠지면 안 되는 것 같아요.

그리고 `config` GraphQL API 에 대한 설명은 1개의 항목으로 작성하는 것이 독자의 이해에 도움일 될 것 같습니다.

```suggestion
- Renamed GraphQL API `gigantoConfig` to `config` and updated it to respond the full configuration.
- Renamed GraphQL API `setGigantoConfig` to `setConfig`. The endpoint now accepts a full configuration as a TOML string and returns `Result<bool>`, instead of `Result<String>`.
```

위의 내용으로 적용 부탁드립니다.

Author: The change has been completed. 👍

- Changed command line interface.
  - Removed `cert`, `key`, `root` fields from config file.
  - Added cli options `-c`, `--cert`, `--key` and `--ca-certs`.

> - Changed `setConfig` to receive toml-string with full configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Renamed GraphQL API `setGigantoConfig` to `setConfig`. The endpoint now accepts a full configuration as a TOML string.
```

Author: The change has been completed.

> - Updated `config` to respond full configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Renamed GraphQL API `gigantoConfig` to `config` and updated it to respond the full configuration.
```

### Changed

- Modify the `setConfig` and `config` queries in the GraphQL API
  to read/write the ack transmission count.
- Modify the `setConfig` and `config` query in the GraphQL API so
  that the fields that take integers read/write the config file for their
  respective types.

> - Modify the `config` query in the GraphQL API so that config files that

Reviewer: These lines should remain unchanged, as they accurately reflect the state at the time of the 0.16.0 release. Could you please revert the changes?

Author: The change has been completed.
